[docs] Fix Ellipses guideline warnings from Vale (#24339)
expo/expo: docs/pages/modules/native-view-tutorial.mdx

  ]}
/>

> We should now see a blank purple screen. That's not very exciting, but it's a good start. Let's actually make it a WebView now.

Author: ```suggestion
We should now see a blank purple screen. That's not very exciting. However, it's a good start. Let's make it a WebView now.
```

Update to not use words like but and also remove unnecessary words like "actually".
